Daddy.
I'm scared. I miss Mommy.
Marcus?
Uh-huh.
Just remember for next time.
I don't like meeting clients
this late at night.
I know. I know. Trust me.
But. look. you know
how the company is.
They need to close.
And you're the best closer
the company has.
What do you want me to do?
Do you want me to beg?
No. you don't have to beg.
But dinner...
that'd be nice.
You got it. Call me
with some good news
when you're done.
Hey. what can I get you?
How about a Shirley Temple?
Are you sure?
I like to live dangerously.
Okay.
Back to the other bar.
- Hold on. Get lost.
- Hey.
Please. Please.
I can pay--
Yeah?
How'd it go?
- Like they all do.
- Good.
'Cause I got another client.
Rush job tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Brother. my anniversary
is tomorrow.
I got
a PTA meeting at 6:00.
What? We have
a nine-to-five now?
Come on. The world
doesn't stop for us.
All right. What time?
I'll call you with the details.
You're an ace. buddy.
Live long and prosper.
Yeah. yeah. the force
be with you too.
Let go.
- What. what. what? I'm not.
- Stop that. Don't.
Didn't do anything.
- Don't.
- What?
- You're doing it.
- I'm not.
- You are!
- I'm not doing-- What. what?
- You're doing it.
- I'm. I'm-- What?
- Aah!
- Whoop.
- Mommy?
- Hmm?
Can I have
some more pancakes?
Hmm. Yeah. okay.
But how about just one.
because last time
your eyes were too big
for your tummy
and you got a bellyache.
Do you remember?
Okay. but they're
so delicious.
Well. I thank you for that.
They are pretty good.
aren't they?
Smells so good.
- Oh. hey you.
- Mmm. Hey. yourself.
Daddy!
Mm-hmm.
Aha!
- La la la la la!
Hey. how was work
last night?
- Eventful.
- Another sale?
Come on.
- Who are you talking to?
- Okay.
Well. that's what
I like to hear.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
- Mm-mm-mm.
- So...
What are we gonna do tonight?
- Tonight?
- Hmm.
What do you
wanna do tonight?
- I--
- Well. there's a game on.
- You forgot. didn't you?
- Forgot?
- About?
- Ugh.
- You suck!
- Oh. Come on.
How could I forget about the day
I married my unicorn?
- You better keep it that way.
- Mm-hmm.
- I'm working on it. Mm-hmm.
- Okay. I gotta go. Love you.
- Bye.
- Love you.
- I'll see you later.
- Daddy's got to work.
- Bye.
- Well.
- guess it's just you
and me. hey. kiddo.
- Yeah.
Yeah?
We're still on
for tonight. right?
Eight p.m. at the Coal Train.
The rest is
coming over by text.
Right. tonight.
8:00 p.m. I got it.
Mm...
Marcus?
Oh.
I'm so sorry.
What do we have?
This.
What the hell does that do?
The real question is
what can't it do?
This is what they call
a "crystal matrix unit."
It will replace hard
drives of any type.
Each one of these
can contain data
of a million supercomputers.
Marcus?
If anything has a basis
for artificial intelligence.
this is it.
Who are we selling it to?
The Chinese.
then Arabs. Nigerians.
and of course. the Russians.
Get up.
Can I help you?
H-hey. brother.
Dimaz. what is going on?
No. no. no. no. no. no!
No. no!
Marcus?
Baby!
Wait! No. no. no. No!
Wait-- Kar--
No!
Baby! Baby.
baby. baby...
Baby...
Morning. Marc.
How'd you sleep?
Good. good.
Coffee?
Thanks. but I really
don't have time.
I mean. I'm already
late for work.
Marc. sit down.
Ms. Aitkens. look. um.
I am extremely grateful
that you moved in after Karla.
How could I not wanna take care
of my own grandbaby?
Still. I mean--
This isn't about me. Marc.
This is about you.
You've got to start
living your life again.
I notice it and Kimberley
notices it too.
You're not happy.
And when you're not happy.
that affects Kimberley.
because she feels helpless.
She's already lost her mother.
She doesn't need to lose
her father as well.
Don't worry. baby.
I'll find out who did this.
Hello. Mr. Garan.
My name is Roman Korza.
and you are cordially invited
to enter into
an exclusive contract
to eliminate the world's
greatest assassin.
You will be wired
ten million dollars
upon services rendered.
RSVP by texting the letter Y
to 323-309.
Upon receiving confirmation.
you will be wired expenses
to travel to Tokyo.
Arigato.
Happy birthday. dear Kimberley.
Happy birthday to you.
Make a wish.
- Oh!
Good girl!
- There you go.
What'd you wish for?
I wished for Daddy
to be happy.
Kiddo. Daddy is happy.
And as long as
I have you. I'm happy.
Come here.
Okay. let's open
some presents.
Okay? Let's do it.
Wonder what it is.
Mr. Garan. well. I can
assure you don't need that.
I'm only here to talk.
May I?
Thank you.
How'd you find me?
We have our resources.
I wanna know why you haven't
accepted my invitation.
It's the opportunity
of a lifetime.
Thanks. but no thanks.
As you can see.
I have more important
things to do.
We know who you are. Marcus.
A former company man
with all the related benefits.
And actually once
top of your game.
Of course. within your limited
sphere of influence.
We also know a tragic incident
took your wife
and shattered your life.
And for that. I offer
my deepest condolences.
And now I know you're focused
on tracking her killer.
Word in our community
travels fast.
Now. I've offered you
a chance of a lifetime.
Look after your family.
You heard of Jorg Drakos?
Who hasn't?
Former Greek EYP lifer
said to have killed more people
than the plague.
Some say he's a myth.
- What about him?
- The King of Killers.
my employer.
he wants him eliminated.
Who's your employer?
Oh. come on.
you know the drill.
Need-to-know basis.
but you don't need to know.
Is that a fact?
Let's cut the crap out. Marcus.
I know you're interested.
I gave up that life
a long time ago.
I'm all my daughter's got left.
Yes.
But ten million dollars.
that's enough to take care
of you and Kimberley
for the rest of your life.
I mean. that will give her
the life that she deserves.
a good education. a trust fund.
It can't be easy being
a single parent these days.
I'll be expecting your call.
Let's talk soon. Mr. Garan.
Let's talk soon.
Hello?
Mr. Garan. Dr. Dean.
head of cardiac pediatrics.
Hey. Doc.
Nice to meet you.
What's wrong
with my daughter?
Let's step over here.
I'm sorry. but Kimberley's scan
shows an abnormally large heart.
specifically affecting
her lower chambers.
her ventricles.
I knew she had
a heart murmur. but--
No. this is much more
serious than that.
In fact. I daresay
she was misdiagnosed.
Her heart is deteriorating.
This will lead
to heart failure.
Daddy?
Hey. kiddo.
- I'm right here.
- Daddy's right here.
Am I gonna be okay?
Yeah. of course.
You'll be fine.
Hey...
God is gonna look
over you. and so will I.
Hey. kiddo. look at me.
It's you and me
forever. right?
- Yeah.
- Mr. Garan.
- I'm in.
I knew you weren't finished.
You're the best
the Alphabet Club ever had.
- So. who's the client?
- Jorg Drakos.
What? You're kidding.
I doubt they even know
where he is.
Nobody's ever seen his face.
You sure you want
a piece of that?
No choice.
Someone wants him dead.
And I need the money.
You've never been motivated
by money before.
What's changed?
This is different.
Are you okay?
'Cause I know you've been
obsessing about Karla's death
and trying to find out
who might have killed her.
Obsessing?
I didn't mean it like that
and you know it.
I loved her like a sister. man.
It's just-- I think
it was a matter of her
being at the wrong place
- at the wrong time.
- It's Kimberley.
- What?
She's sick.
She needs a new heart.
And what I have
just won't cover it.
I'm sorry.
Look. I got a little
something tucked away.
- It's yours if you need it.
- I appreciate that.
I really do.
But you have a family too.
I got to do this.
And it's the only way
I know how.
I understand.
Okay.
I need a complete rundown
on Drakos.
Problem is.
I don't have
my security clearance anymore.
Right.
Let me see what I can do.
So. where are they sending you?
Mr. Garan.
I am so happy
you decided to come.
Mr. Korza. one last hurrah.
Indeed.
You're expected
in the penthouse.
My assistant. Mrs. Ueno.
is waiting for us
at the elevator.
Let's get started.
What's this?
I thought
I was working alone.
Don't get your knickers
in a twist. Mr. Garan.
All in good time.
Well. I'm glad
you all can make it.
Now. I know how eager
you all are to get started.
So. let's make this brief.
I had no idea
I was gonna be part of a team.
I work alone.
I don't need these lame ducks
getting in my way.
Hmpf.
Man. who you calling
a "lame duck"?
- I'm looking at one.
- Oh. really now?
Gentleman. gentleman.
Please. I think it's time
you met my employer.
Hello.
Oh. it's good to see you all.
Thank you for coming.
Hope you had a good trip in.
You set all this up?
I did.
- Who are you?
- Who am I?
That's good question. I...
I'm your employer.
I'm also a great admirer
of your work.
You're all the very best
in the world at what you do.
which make you worthy
for the task at hand.
Marcus Garan.
multidisciplinary "wetman"
for the US Intelligence
Community
with foreign loan-out options
till an unfortunate accident
took out the love of his life.
That is too bad.
Scott Angus. deposed J2 member
and client of any organized
good guys. or even terrorists.
with the right amount
of legal tender.
You like your money.
Only hit the wrong mark
setting off a war
between terrorist factions.
Now. they all want you dead.
Asha Khanna.
MI6 operative
for the past 15 years.
could have any agency
position she wanted.
but got tired of the rat race.
Dyson Chord.
former Marine Force
recon Commander
for the elite Darkstorms unit
and NSA sweeper.
Rick Nigel.
freelance ASIS employee.
Played too many sides
once too often
that he almost put
a hit on himself.
Who writes this stuff?
A man known as Ren.
Miyacho-trained.
protector of the Rising Sun.
until loyalties changed
and started working
for the highest bidder.
And last.
Zachary Hebron.
freelance sniper
for a private military company.
Following orders is not
exactly his strong suit.
Wow!
Wow. wow. wow.
Checkmate. Yeah.
I do have a bit
of a confession to make.
You're probably wondering
about your quarry.
The assassin
they say is the best.
Drakos?
- No one's even seen his face.
- No.
Maybe he's not that
good-looking.
Look. I just wanna get
this thing started.
so I can collect my money.
That'll be the day. mate.
- What?
- Yeah. you heard me.
How about I give you
a running head start?
Anytime. mate.
Anytime.
No. Patience is a virtue.
Mr. Hebron.
But I do have some...
bad news.
I don't know what
you've been told.
I really don't care.
I just. uh. want you to know
that this isn't
your typical contract.
Then what is it?
It's more like a competition.
- What?
- A game!
A game. a competition.
See who's the best
by killing the best.
Jorg Drakos.
Okay. wait.
you want us to compete
to see which one of us
can get to him first.
Yes.
Well. this should be fun.
No. no. I'm out.
Oh. this game
you'll play. Mr. Hebron.
- Oh. yeah? Why is that?
- Mr. Hebron.
See. I think you should
change your mind.
It's not really a good idea.
You lied to us
in the beginning.
The way I see it
is I don't know you.
I don't know your boss.
And I sure as hell
don't trust you.
Anybody else
care to join?
Killer queen?
Not I.
Green Mile?
No?
See you. mate.
I'm out.
I told you. mate.
That'll be the day.
I told you that.
Now you know how serious I am.
Nobody leaves
until the game is finished.
His bloody head's
off his shoulders.
- You deceived us.
- Maybe.
Maybe.
But I expect you all to play
to the best of your abilities.
Your lives depend on it.
You understand me?
We don't even know
what Drakos looks like.
Sure you do.
You are Drakos-san.
I am.
Wait. I'm not getting this.
Why hire us to kill you?
Why?
I love "why" questions.
What does it all mean?
I'm the best.
I've done it all.
I've conquered it all.
Except for one thing.
The elimination of my peers.
You. the other assassins.
to see who really is the best.
And you expect us
to go along with that?
Is that right?
Well. you could ask Mr. Hebron
that question.
I trust you understand.
The job is simple.
To kill me. King of Killers.
How fun does that sound?
But I want you to get
some rest first.
Mr. Korza is gonna
hand you a card.
give you access
to my entire facility.
It's a wonderful place.
You can sleep. you can eat.
you can work out
to your heart's content.
Why. thank you.
In 24 hours. you have one job.
and that is to kill me.
or I can guarantee
I will kill you.
Now. we have a light
supper and. uh. tea
in the lobby
of the hotel later.
I expect all of you
to be there.
See you later.
Well. I hope
that was informative.
You have 24 hours to prepare.
Please. use your time wisely.
'cause it may be the last time
you have left on this earth.
And. uh. if anyone else
should have any ideas
to depart this event early.
just remember one thing.
someone is always watching.
Curiosity killed
the cat. you know.
Lucky for you. Asha.
You always land on your feet.
Lucky me.
It's good
to see you. Garan.
Stop lying.
Last time we saw each other.
you tried to take me out.
Well. you deserved it.
Playing doubles
with the Alphabet Squad
doesn't exactly make
for influencing people
or making new friends.
But I forgive you.
So. why are you here?
Listen.
I heard about Karla.
Let's not.
Okay.
Then business it is.
What do you know about Drakos?
Other than he's
standing in my way
of ten million dollars. Nothing.
Really?
Now who's lying?
Okay.
What I know is
he's holding all the cards.
His turf. his rules.
And if I didn't know any better.
I'd say that's not a window.
A monitor.
Doesn't matter.
I have nothing to hide.
Just everything to lose.
- All I know is I need to win.
- To win...
that prize.
We'll see.
Death is just a part of life.
What is this?
He's our host.
showing us a good time
right before one of us
takes him out.
Sure.
I'd love a nice spot of tea
before I carve my name
into his chest.
Contestants.
it is with great pleasure
that the esteemed Mr. Drakos
welcomes you to Japan.
This is a simple dinner
like a thank you
for being competitors
in our event.
Or perhaps. for some of you.
a last supper.
What? We get a door prize too?
So. where is Drakos?
I am here.
Call me superstitious.
but I don't like to see
the participants
before the event.
Kind of like the groom
shouldn't see the bride
before the wedding.
You leave
nothing to chance.
You catch on quick.
But never mind
all that for now.
Tonight. I want you to enjoy
a well-deserved respite.
Agreed?
A toast.
Gentlemen and lady.
Thank you for accepting
my offer.
Welcome to Japan.
May we fight hard
and die with honor.
Cheers. Till tomorrow.
Enjoy your dinner.
Until later.
You know.
it's really interesting.
Here we are.
the best in the world
at what we do.
And none of us
have ever really met.
Some of us have.
A lifetime ago.
Yeah.
It's a small world we live in.
isn't it. boys?
Reputations
are like that.
CIA. FBI. NSA. MI6.
They always make sure
we're informed.
even if you're
on the other side.
Something doesn't sit right.
I'm thinking this contest
has nothing to do
with money. or ego.
She ain't wrong.
What's this old boy up to? Hmm?
Don't look a gift horse
in the mouth.
fool and his money
will soon part.
and this fool
will make sure it does.
We're all. uh. happy
with that. are we?
I think our boy here
is looking for a thrill.
Is he. mate?
Is that what he's after?
- Do you know something we don't know?
-  - Please. please.
please. please.
Think about it.
How is this different
than any other contract
we've ever taken. huh?
Have to take this.
Is it that important?
So. how's she doing?
Oh. she's fine.
She just wanted
to say good night.
Good night.
Daddy. I love you.
I love you to the moon
and back and back again.
Good night. Peanut.
When are you coming home?
As soon as I can. kiddo.
As soon as I can.
I miss you.
Oh. I miss you so much.
Okay? Sweet dreams.
I'll see you very soon.
Bye.
Asha. I know you're there.
Now. that was beautiful.
So...
how should we play this game?
This is the same game
we've always played.
Wow.
You really have changed.
haven't you?
What are you doing?
I'm just picking up
where we left off.
The less of us there are.
the better the chance
of winning.
You don't have to do this.
It's not about us.
Don't flatter yourself.
So. I guess
you don't always land
on your feet now. do you?
Daddy.
I'm scared. I miss Mommy.
Oh. kiddo.
Listen. your Mommy
is an angel now
and she lives in the stars.
So anytime you miss Mommy.
all you have to do.
you look up at the stars
and you can talk to her.
And know that she's always
looking over you.
Okay? So. here's
what we're gonna do.
Look at this star.
I'm gonna put some stars
right above your bed.
So anytime
you wanna talk to Mommy.
all you have to do is look up
and talk to her.
You don't say much.
do you?
Only when there is something
that needs to be said.
Contestants.
I trust we are all well-rested
and refreshed.
Just eager to get started.
So you should be. Mr. Chord.
So you should be.
Now. we of course know
the exact tool you use
in your line of work.
down to the blade
and to your caliber.
Here. you will find
everything you need.
Please come
and feast your eyes.
That's what I'm talking about.
Not the sniper rifle
I'm used to. But this will do.
Well. I trust they're all
to your satisfaction?
Are they ever?
So. how does this work?
- Is it a game of hide
and seek. or what?
In a manner of speaking. yes.
You're all gonna draw a coin
from that bag.
determine which order
you'll face me.
Low coin goes first.
High coin goes last.
Please. take one.
Five.
Seven.
Eight.
Two.
Damn. six.
Tsk.
I guess I go first.
No. you're not.
And when I get back...
...dinner's on me.
If he makes it back.
Hey.
Look at this.
Ah. Angus. going first.
Always the good guy.
Always the hero.
Ain't that right?
But this time. rushing in
to save the day
might be the very
last thing you do.
Drakos won't
make this one easy.
He's not supposed to.
What's he doing?
What's going on here?
It's a trap.
What's he doing?
I mean...
He's lost already.
You are right.
He's fast.
You thought this was
gonna be easy. didn't ya?
Where are you?
I will kill you.
Yeah.
Y'all know you're never
gonna win this.
But I love your spirit.
We're going about this
the wrong way.
Look at the terminology he uses.
the layout
of the floors.
He set this whole thing up.
It's a chess game.
We know this.
Not a chess game.
A game of chance.
Don't you get it?
He's a gambler.
and gamblers
love high stakes.
We can't win...
'cause the house always wins.
Gentlemen.
And lady.
Do we have a problem here?
We have to change
the rules on him.
How?
We tell him
we'll only continue
if he takes on
all of us at once.
- What?
- He'll never go for it.
Maybe. But I know
that the only way
we survive this
is if we work together.
Then we split the prize.
- I concur.
- So do I.
Ren?
I think it's weak.
So you have
a better idea?
Yeah. We scrap.
and we find out
who's the best.
Perfect. Then you go next.
Whoa. big fella.
It's not my turn.
Well. you're the only one
who wants to keep on fighting
in this death trap.
So. you wanna be a fool?
You know what?
Knock yourself out.
- You're a coward.
- Who's next?
You're not even worth it.
I don't have all day.
I don't care who it is.
But someone has got to get
in the elevator.
You led us here
under false pretenses.
We were led to believe
we'd be hunting you
under much different conditions.
The game is rigged.
Like the Greeks say.
the rules are the rules.
And I say these rules
are the only way you can win.
But that's okay.
I have a proposition for you.
After all. you are a gentleman
and a gamesman. right?
Not exactly. But I'll bite.
All of us versus you
simultaneously.
No deal. That's not
how the game is played.
So. you.
the King of Killers.
is admitting he can't win?
Because if that's the case.
you're not the best.
You had to stack the deck
in order to achieve victory.
which...
really isn't the game of skill
you relish so much now. is it?
Now the other way. my way.
is a true game of skill.
Our numbers versus your traps.
Come on. Drakos.
you're the king.
Does the king care
to make a wager?
Is this psychology?
I think I like it.
You have a deal.
- Let's go.
- Oh. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait.
I do have one wrinkle.
Of course. you do.
Four.
I'll only take four of you.
So. one of us has to stay here.
Well. I think you know me
a little better than that.
One of you has
to be eliminated.
One of you has to die.
or all of you have to die.
Your choice.
Wife killer!
How dare you!
Guys. guys!
I hate to break this up.
Chord's gone.
They say that all
those horrible things
you did as an operative
finally got to you.
And after so many years
of decorated service.
that's why you quit.
But did you. Chord?
Did you really walk away
from the game?
I don't think so.
Once a player. always a player.
Just a different team.
So why walk away
from this team too?
You looking
for absolution. Chord?
Well. come and get it.
Where are you hiding this time?
Drakos!
Where are you?
You scared?
It's the calm before the storm.
What's he reacting to?
I don't know.
Now we begin.
You heard the man. Gear up.
Cellphones on radio mode.
Aye. Cap.
I believe this
is yours. Mr. Garan.
I am not sure we should
completely split up.
Ren's right.
We work as a unit.
Or else he'll pick us off
one by one.
Oh. bugger that.
See ya. kids.
Let's go.
Everyone still there?
Barely.
Let's... let's try
to find our way
back to each other.
Fuck!
How do we do that?
We don't know where we are.
Clear out each floor.
Head down if you can.
That is a lot of rooms.
I wonder how long it took him
to put this rat race together.
I'm sure he took
his sweet-ass time.
And money.
Obviously.
He is not going
to let us escape.
That's the point.
Just stay focused.
Let's see
if we can flush him out.
Easier said than done.
What happened to you. Asha?
What turned you?
You believed in the cause.
When greed is your God.
you can never be good enough.
Not to beat me.
Here we go.
You're a really
good assassin. Asha.
Maybe the best.
just not good enough.
We'll see about that.
Darkness makes you weak.
Asha. Asha.
what's going on?
Like I said. not good enough.
Garan. Asha.
She's gone.
I'll see you again. Asha.
Someday.
You went down
the path of revenge
thinking you were righteous.
But you got lost. didn't you?
Too many debts owed
to the wrong people.
You spilled a lot
of innocent blood
looking for me.
Well. here I am.
Mr. Ren.
Drakos-san.
We meet at last.
Your tricks and illusions
will not work on me.
Oh. you have
a very keen mind.
just like your father.
Sugahiro.
Killed by your hand.
I don't think you understand
the true nature
of the tetsu. right?
You and I
are very much alike.
We are nothing alike.
You kill for sport.
I work for the end.
And yet. here you are!
Accepting my invitation...
...for sport.
You have dishonored
the tetsu and yourself.
And tell me. how much
did you honor cost?
Ren.
Ren!
What's going on. Ren?
Come on!
Wait!
Daddy.
I'm scared. I miss Mommy.
- Marcus?
- Daddy!
Ren.
Now. that was
a hell of a chess game.
This was never
a true chess game.
You always
controlled the board.
That's why you. me.
we're the last ones standing.
You know the origin
of the word "assassin."
Mr. Garan?
A thousand years ago.
an Arab sultan
employed hundreds of men
to do his clandestine bidding.
Dirty work.
To keep 'em loyal
and to trust them.
he fed them cakes of hashish.
He told them the euphoria
that they were feeling.
the high.
was a little slice of heaven
that they would experience
if they died in his service.
They were called
the "Hashashins."
Later. that evolved
to "assassin."
Now. isn't that fascinating?
I appreciate the history lesson.
You should enjoy this moment.
This is the last bit of euphoria
you'll ever feel.
I knew it was gonna be you.
I did. I always knew
you were the one
who had the skills
to make it this far.
I have a little confession too.
There were a couple
of times where. uh.
you got the assignments
and the contracts that I wanted.
All this. all of this
'cause I beat you
out of a contract?
No. Of course not.
But I do have an insatiable
desire to be the best.
Number one.
My mother said
I was too competitive.
But you see now. I have
the opportunity to prove
that to myself. don't I?
I never wanted this.
Never wanted to be
the world's best assassin.
the King of Killers.
What does that even mean?
You know. it's like Asha said.
Death is just part of life.
So be it.
Told you I was competitive.
Let's talk about
your wife for a moment.
What was she doing
there that night?
How didn't you see her early?
What could you
have done to save her?
If only you hadn't hidden
all this from her.
If you had told her the truth.
she might still be alive.
You carry the guilt
of that night
every second of every day.
I know what it's like
to lose someone close to you.
someone you can never get back.
how it could tear you.
Yet. you still come here.
And you risk leaving
your daughter.
making her an orphan.
Why? To try and save
the one you have left.
But you have to kill me
to do that.
Before I kill you!
The King does bleed.
Die!
Looks like we have a victor.
Congratulations. Mr. Garan.
The King of Killers.
I believe this is yours.
What's this?
It's your prize.
That card will give you
access to a bank account
in the Caymans.
There's ten million
dollars in it.
You take care
of your daughter.
I need your help.
You need my help?
There's an international
group of assassins
that's ubiquitous and powerful.
They can destroy the world.
Creation of a new world order.
That's why I killed
all these guys.
And what I want is a partner.
Help me bring 'em down.
someone better than me.
You.
What I want is to be
with my daughter.
There's a helicopter
that will take you
to the airport.
I'll be in touch.
Isn't pizza the best?
I know. It's really good.
Can I have another milkshake?
- You know what?
- What?
I have an idea.
- What is it?
- How about we split one?
- That's a great idea.
- Right?
- Yeah.
Hey. kiddo.
Yeah?
Why don't you go play
your video games?
- Okay.
- Daddy's got to talk
to someone.
Okay. Dad.
- Marcus?
- Eight p.m.
at the Coal Train.
I loved her like a sister.
I told you you'd see me again.
- This can't--
- It is.
Sorry you had to see that.
But it is real.
Your best friend and mentor.
that's how diabolical
these people are.
- Where'd you get this?
- I have my sources.
They cloned your phone.
Sent your wife a text.
That's what made her go
to the club that night.
These people who recruited
your friend.
they're the ones I told you
about six months ago.
They call themselves
"Scimitar."
Are you ready?
I have to make
some arrangements first.
Then we go.
Oh. and one more thing...